[Music]
ten extinct animals we should never
revive from the dead the extinction is
the process of bringing extinct animals
back to life it seems an outrageous and
ridiculous concept because we're talking
about animals that were wiped out
thousands or millions of years ago yet
scientists are serious about making it a
reality they even have a list of
candidates which includes the woolly
mammoth
dodo Mastodon and Tasmanian tiger this
topic was discussed at the National
Geographic sponsored TED conference held
in 2013 the selection is based on the
following criteria it should hold an
important ecological function there's
access to its tissue with good quality
DNA samples it can be reintroduced into
the world it should be desirable and be
loved by humans but we're 101 percent
sure that the extinct animals will show
you in this video are not desirable and
will not be loved by humans they should
never be on the de-extinction list
before we start going down prehistoric
memory lane don't forget to subscribe to
our Channel and click the little
notification bell so that you can be the
first to watch the latest videos from
right side let's start our countdown of
10 extinct animals we should never
revive from the dead
[Applause]
number ten Megan Ora early dragonflies
were not as cute as they are today
Megan Nora which was actually a christen
fly was a bit smaller than a crow and
had a wingspan of about 2.3 feet the
Asian Atlas moth is less than half its
size that is one big bug how did it grow
that large it had something to do with
the atmospheres higher oxygen content of
300 million years ago this gigantic
dragonfly like insect that lived during
the Carboniferous period existed in an
atmosphere with 35% oxygen content
compared to 21% today
according to paleo biologist Matthew
Clapham the higher oxygen content helped
fuel the prehistoric insects massive
body so what's so scary about an insect
that's as big as a bird
they were carnivores like their cousin
dragonflies a mega Norah's diet
consisted of insects invertebrates and
small amphibians number nine and phobe
aroma spatter Sonne guinea pigs are
smart and adorable little rodents
however eight million years ago you
would never have considered bringing
them home with you as pets Faubert Oh
miss Patterson 'i also known as guinea
Zillah weighed 1500 pounds and was 4.9
feet tall a guinea Zillah indeed full
burrow miss Patterson 'yes looked like a
buffalo from afar and when it stood on
all fours its total length was fourteen
point seven feet Gilly zilla's were
herbivores with 7.8 inch long incisor
teeth and they may have been
semi-aquatic like the capybara the
largest living rodent its main food
source may have been seagrasses and its
habitat was near an ancient river system
where weeds and grasses flourished so
yeah this guinea Zillah wasn't that
terrifying because it only ate plants
but it'd be impossible not to scream if
you saw a buffalo like rodent charging
at you
number eight danke los dias
this was an armor-plated fish that ate
its own kind ensured a prehistoric
cannibal Dunkel Ostia swooz not a part
of the shark family but was an arthropod
or placa dermal fish it existed during
the late devonian period which was about
380 to 360 million years ago dung
Colossus held the record for being the
top predator of its time it was also one
of the top predators of the Paleozoic
era this armored fish could grow up to
33 feet and instead of a set of sharp
teeth it had two long bony blades its
bite was as powerful as that of the
Tyrannosaurus Rex and modern crocodiles
it is believed that its powerful jaws
could bend metal and could bite a
human's arm with extreme precision
luckily it became extinct because this
not so picky eater wouldn't even think
twice about eating human meat number
seven helicoprion this was another weird
tooth ancient marine animal and it swam
the deep sea 290 million years ago it
was 35 feet long with shark-like
features and was twice the size of the
largest known great white shark
helicoprion had a nickname - the buzzsaw
killer its name means spiral saw in
Greek and it got its alias from the
teeth in its lower jaw which was similar
to a circular saw interestingly it had
no teeth on its upper jaw and yup it's
toothed world which consisted a 15th to
18th serrated teeth worked like a
circular saw when eating its prey it may
have had a shark like appearance but it
wasn't actually a shark so what was it
helicopter on belonged to the chimeras a
type of cartilaginous fish number six
Dane asuka's this prehistoric crocodile
was an opportunistic apex predator that
lived during the Late Cretaceous period
two million years ago it was related to
the alligator and could grow up to 39
feet long dan asuka's had a bulky and
massive body but that didn't make it
less agile compared to modern alligators
this giant crocodile whose name means
terrible crocodile and preferred
estuaries as its habitat and attacked
like an alligator they preyed on sea
turtles and dinosaurs yup
you heard that right this terrible croc
could take down dinosaurs its own size
and that's based on evidence found from
fossils of t-rex is relative namely the
Albertosaurus and a Plesiosaurus this
means that the dane asuka's had a
powerful jaw that could crush the shells
of turtles and strength that could
defeat other predators number five
Gigantopithecus bigfoot was around
during the Pleistocene upon about 2.6
million to 11 thousand seven hundred
years ago Gigantopithecus which
translates to big ape was a relative of
orangutans this big ape walked in a
quadrupedal stance on all fours and
inhabited tropical forests in Asia it's
teeth which were falsely branded as
dragon teeth were made to grind and chew
plants bamboo in particular
Gigantopithecus might have been like an
overgrown panda but you'd still have
been intimidated by its size it was
about nine point eight feet tall and
over a thousand pounds number four mega
piranha do we need to say more how about
the fact that it was larger than modern
piranhas and had a meaner bite force
but how large was it mega piranhas were
2.3 feet long and weighed 20 to 30
pounds this oversized piranha lived
during the Miocene era between 6 and 10
million years ago besides its size which
was three times larger than a modern-day
black piranha the fearsome bite of this
prehistoric fish was legendary the mega
piranha had a bite force of 279 to 1069
pounds that's about 9 to 50 times its
weight in modern times it would be able
to pierce through a turtle shell or an
armored catfish as scales but is that
such an exciting comparison considering
today's piranhas have been reported to
bite off the toes of unwary beachgoers
ouch number three the giant short-faced
bear
there's nothing short about this
prehistoric bear around 500,000 to 2
million years ago the giant short-faced
bear was the most powerful carnivore
around its scientific name was art to
the tzimmes and it weighed between 2,000
and 3500 pounds making it almost three
times heavier than a polar bear but wait
until we tell you its height are you
ready on a quadrupedal stance it was 5
to 6 feet oh it was like an average
human but on two legs it was 11 to 12
feet tall what a beast you wouldn't
stand a chance of escaping from this
ancient and massive bear because it
could run at a speed of up to 40 miles
per hour and had a reach of up to 15
feet number 2 titanoboa sarangeun ANSYS
this was the king of all serpents and it
lived during the Paleocene epoch about
66 to 56 million years ago its length
was about 40 to 45 feet and his average
weight was one and a quarter tonnes
titanoboa looked like a boa constrictor
but behaved like an anaconda the
prehistoric snakes colossal size was due
to the climate at the time which was
extremely warm just the right
temperature the Tana boa needed to meet
growth number one megalodon as always
we've saved the best for last
Megalodon was the largest shark to ever
live on earth about 2.6 million years
ago this gigantic marine carnivore beats
all the animals in this video in terms
of height weight and bite force its
estimated size was about 52 to 59 feet
and it was longer than titanoboa by 14
feet the giant ancient sharks weight was
7,200 tons
its teeth were 5 inches to 7 inches in
height and had a bite force of 24,400
to 41,000 pounds that's three times
stronger than the t-rex Megalodon also
had the largest meal ever the baleen
whale do you know other plus size
extinct animals you don't want to bring
back to life tell us in the comments
don't forget to hit the like button and
share this with your friends always stay
tuned for more amazing videos like this
and join us on the bright side of life
[Music]